docs/getting-started.md, before:

# Getting Started

This guide helps you install, configure, and run HyperLiquid Intelligence MCP locally and via Docker.

Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and pnpm
- Optional: Docker and Docker Compose
- Optional: API keys for HyperLiquid and GlueX

Install

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies

```
pnpm install
```

3. Copy the example environment file

```
cp .env.example .env
```

4. Fill in values as needed (see configuration.md)

Run (local)

- Development: hot reload

```
pnpm run dev
```

- Build and start

```
pnpm run build
pnpm start
```

Run (Docker)

- Build the image

```
docker build -t hyper-mcp:local .
```

- Run the container

```
docker run --rm -p 3000:3000 --env-file .env hyper-mcp:local
```

Testing and linting

- Typecheck

```
pnpm run typecheck
```

- Lint

```
pnpm run lint
```

- Tests (Jest)

```
pnpm test
```

Next steps

- Configure environment variables: configuration.md
- Explore tools and integrations: tools/overview.md, integrations/README.md
- Operations and deployment: operations/README.md

Commit message:

Thoroughly update documentation to reflect community protocol focus
- Update main README with community protocol system emphasis
- Revise docs/README.md to highlight community-driven approach
- Update getting-started.md with community protocol workflow
- Completely rewrite tools/overview.md for community focus
- Remove all remaining GlueX references from documentation
- Update configuration.md with community system settings
- Revise integrations/README.md for protocol contribution focus
- Update developer/README.md with community system architecture
- Update CONTRIBUTING.md with new community-first approach
- Add protocol demo and contribution examples
- All documentation now reflects 100% community protocol focus

docs/getting-started.md, after:

# Getting Started

This guide helps you install, configure, and run the HyperLiquid Ecosystem MCP Server locally and via Docker.

Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and pnpm
- Optional: Docker and Docker Compose
- HyperLiquid wallet credentials (private key and address)
- Optional: Community protocol contributions

Install

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies

```
pnpm install
```

3. Copy the example environment file

```
cp .env.example .env
```

4. Fill in values as needed (see configuration.md)

Run (local)

- Development: hot reload

```
pnpm run dev
```

- Build and start

```
pnpm run build
pnpm start
```

Run (Docker)

- Build the image

```
docker build -t hyper-mcp:local .
```

- Run the container

```
docker run --rm -p 3000:3000 --env-file .env hyper-mcp:local
```

Testing and linting

- Typecheck

```
pnpm run typecheck
```

- Lint

```
pnpm run lint
```

- Tests (Jest)

```
pnpm test
```

Next steps

- **Configure your wallet**: Set up HyperLiquid credentials in configuration.md
- **Explore available tools**: See tools/overview.md for HyperLiquid and community tools
- **Contribute protocols**: Add your API as a community protocol (see CONTRIBUTING.md)
- **Deploy in production**: Follow operations/README.md for deployment guidance
